"304732" "i love dancing around for hours even if there is no music. i love being with my friends, cinematic adventures. the beach is the best place on earth-love the summer!. i love life even though sometimes it brings me down, but in the end i know i'll look back and think everything was worth it. i take risks because life itself is a risk. i always have a million things on my mind all at once yet i still remain calm. i am about as silly as they come, so i love being around funny people. i also love being around folks who have brains and who aren't afraid to use them. i am driven, intelligent, optimistic (sometimes to a fault), creative and very independent. as far as activities... unfortunately when it comes to a relationship, they have no clue what the hell they're doing, but, let me put that in the past... i have my opinion on the whole being in love thing & i choose to keep that private for many reasons. and just to make this as ridiculous as humanly possible, one of my favorite quotes: \"if you believe in peace, act peacefully; if you believe in love, acting lovingly; if you believe every which way, then act every which way, that's perfectly valid— but don't go out trying to sell your beliefs to the system. you end up contradicting what you profess to believe in, and you set a bum example. if you want to change the world, change yourself.\" - tom robbins i take photographs of girls in white dresses... being inspiring. i have an crazy talent for pushing those around me to live their dreams. my infectious energy.  my pups. ice cream or chocolate. great friends. good running shoes (for working off the ice cream/chocolate). music. my camera. out for dinner and drinks with friends or cooking at the house with a bottle of wine and a movie. i'm kind of a big deal!"
"304736" "the ex and i have a mostly great relationship and i continue to be a very involved dad. people tend to tell me i work too much and need more of life. i hear it often enough that i am beginning to believe there may be some truth to it, or i just tell them to mind their own damn \"bidness!\" i live and work in downtown cleveland. exercise is part of my daily routine. i enjoy reading, meeting-up with friends for a drink or dinner and watching almost any game, although i am not sports obsessed. i try to never to meander. my maternal grandfather said to never meander. he said it all the time to the point of obssesion. so, you damn well know i am not a meander-er. i am a really great dad! i am a really loyal friend! i take care of the people in my life! my smile and willingness to help others epic dramas and syfy movies, romantic comedy and some action movies are among my favorite movies. my music ranges from rock, pop, r&b, new age, and even some classical also live jazz, latin music latin dance music. i can mix a really good martini! i am pretty knowledgeable and a good conversationist! kinda tall.... 6-2. i look sorta professional. fairly intense. i don't take SXXX from people because life is way too short to be walked upon by the AXXholes of society. fave book - no country for old men fave film(s) - too many to mention, but gun to my head...the right stuff fave music - pretty diverse tastes, but i guess classic alternative fave food - love a lot of cuisines, but i guess sushi my kids my friends a job the gym iphone optimism a seventh thing electricity. where would we be without??? thanks to bfrank and his kite/key and his french mistresses who kept him inspired! out with friends. drinks? dinner? i am an awful dancer. not just bad... awful!!! i feel much shame. i once protected the vice president of the united states. i once wore a spacesuit to a business meeting. ... you think we may be a match!!! nothing ventured; nothing gained. or, if you are bored with dating sites, so we can bXXXX and complain for the pure pleasure of doing so."
"304737" "my daughter love family\friends people new adventures water( beach, lakes, ponds, puddles) peace oops that seven! i have a strong heart & for a guy let alone a person of my age, i have a very level head on my shoulders. i know what i want out of life & i know exactly how i am going to achieve all of that. with everything i've dealt with in my life so far & have to face & deal with now, it's forced me to grow up a lot. i'm a crazy person who is full of life, i have a lot to say about everything & anything. i'm probably the most simple, nicest, and most caring person you could ever meet in your lifetime who isn't a total doormat. i laugh a lot & smile easily & i have my flaws. i also love (in no particular order): books, red wine, random encounters, fire pits, my two fuzzy dogs (australian shepherds), baking, mexican food, jazz (miles davis, not kenny g), happy people, film photography, warm feet under the covers, the idea of serendipity, debating, painting rooms in my house, pomegranates, religion (not any one in particular, i'm fascinated equally by all), 80s movies, traveling, jogging, playing guitar, pistachio gelato, being kissed, walking to work, electric blankets, yoga in the morning, my family, pale ales with olives, eye contact, adventures, snow, grilled salmon, sushi and sports talk radio. they don't take me as seriously & think i'm just a big joke. therefore i choose who i get really close to & who i need to start backing away from. i don't get along with a lot of guys because most of them don't know the qualifications of a friend. everything happens for a reason & everything is fate when it comes to that. but anyways... don't try to impress me. be yourself. don't be fake. i hate fake people, you know the kind that go through friends like underwear & those who like to flash people with their possessions. yea it's cool that you have nice things but you don't need to be all up in my face about it. i love people who aren't afraid to be themselves, who don't care what others think & aren't afraid to bend the rules a little bit. someone who is independent & has a good idea of what they want out of life & won't sit back & wait for it to be handed to them. people who aren't afraid to grow up a little bit. i love that. you'll never know how i really feel until i tell you unless you're just one of those lucky people who well.. just knows by lookin at me. i don't hold grudges because it's a waste of time & energy. i'm ready for my life to begin & it's beginning. i have people in my life that i absolutely could not live without... and they know who they are, if they don't than i need to have a lil chat with them. soooo.. that's what i'm doing. well im gonna wrap this up...as i think i've pretty much covered everything! looking for you eating out, just saying food, football, family. a little about myself, i have had many accomplishments, but the one i take the most pride in, is that of being a good son, father & friend."
"304738" "i'm a lot more mature than others and i don't act like a child in rough situations, i don't spread drama like a disease, i can hang out with people 20 years older than me and have the time of my life but i'm also not a total bore. i know when it's time to have fun & act like a kid. money is of course important, but they say a persons true wealth is measured by the memories you leave behind, & how you impacted the ones you loved & knew. i try every day to remember this, & always try to better myself as a person. i want a lot of things out of life & i'm working for it but i'm still having my fun & maybe one day i'll get to share all of that with somebody. but i'm not worried about it, because this is me right here. i'm an amazing person & i'm awesome to be around & i'm not afraid to admit that ha :p. i just want to be happy & to hardly ever have to worry about things. i'm here today because i have chosen to seek out what i want, rather then let it come to me. i feel i have a lot to offer, so for that reason i expect as much in return. let's hope you're out there. i am a strong individual who has overcome my share of obstacles, always looking on the bright side and being grateful for everything i have. the way i view it you can look at what you are missing and feel miserable, or you can choose to see all that you have and be eternally grateful. i always choose the positive path. making sure my son and daughter are growing spiritually and better people in this world. cooking, fishing, electronic and lots of other things. i do however have the guy friends in my life that i couldn't live without.. girls are another story.. they're great to hang with & fun to party with & amazing to have a million laughs with. i also enjoy plays, concerts, theatre, musicals. ethnic food/ sushi. cool fun restaurants preferably with a view. family health love friends air water and of cause there are many more than six being a better person and father. how to giving back to my community ( by coaching kids in baseball). spend time getting ready for baseball, basketball games on saturday. also relaxing with friends and family. maybe something's should stay private. if you are serious about having a friendship or relationship. caring, loving and able to feel with your heart please feel free to contact me. i am a divorced 40-something with three great children who live out-of-state with their mom."
"304739" "i love pretty much any outdoor activity... mountain biking, hiking, backpacking, but just as much, i love hanging out at the house watching movies or cooking dinner with friends (well, they cook... i do the dishes). loyal, hard worker, loving, compassionate, passionate. free spirited, not clingy, self sufficient, caring, compassionate. easygoing, successful, romantic. 🐥 i believe in always trying to better your life and self. life is a constant evolution! i enjoy new things and different situations. i saw a sign that said.... \"at the end of your life will you be saying..... i wish i did or i'm glad i did\". i prefer the later 😉. i'm a dreamer & a fantasizer.. but i have a huge grip on reality. making people feel comfortable. conversation comes easy for me. i have so much compassion that at times i wish i didn't. i love working with my hands and don't mind getting a little dirty. a lot of people i know don't understand me regardless of how long they've known me for. what to do next or if i will put it off until tomorrow😽. if you get that out of me....... its a date!🚸 if your not married. if you want to meet someone nice and fun. if you enjoy good company. if you don't play games. if you could be looking for a relationship. if you head is on straight! hmmm.... well, i'm pretty much just on here for the heck of it. honestly i love my life as it is, but i also definitely enjoy being in a relationship that is healthy and awesome (i settle for nothing less)! i believe in the value of romantic love. i don't believe that a partner can \"complete me\" but that they can indeed \"multiply me.\""
